Registry docs (#282)
agno-agi/agno-docs: applications/playground/introduction.mdx

| `settings`  | `Optional[PlaygroundSettings]`  | `None`  | Playground configuration. Defaults if `None`.                               |
| `api_app`   | `Optional[FastAPI]`             | `None`  | Existing FastAPI app. A new one is created if `None`.                       |
| `router`    | `Optional[APIRouter]`           | `None`  | Existing APIRouter. A new one is created if `None`.                         |

> | `app_id`    | `Optional[str]`           | `None`  | App UUID (autogenerated if not set).                         |
> | `name`    | `Optional[str]`           | `None`  | App Name.                         |
> | `description`    | `Optional[str]`           | `None`  | App Description.                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `app_id`    | `Optional[str]`           | `None`  | App identifier (autogenerated if not set).                         |
| `name`    | `Optional[str]`           | `None`  | Name for the App.                         |
| `description`    | `Optional[str]`           | `None`  | Description for the App.                         |
```

Author: We also refer the agent id and other id's as UUID in the docs, i think we should change those too?
